I was walking uphill that day when
I encountered her, I was lying on a rock
resting with my suitcase
and she appeared like this.
I mean, a dress that touched the floor,
a shining dress and the shoes,
and that perfume that cannot be
compared to any other perfume,
and a bunch of ribbons around her waist,
and she held a book in her hand,
and the child, the child was here on this side,
on the right side, she held his
little hand and here was the bunch
of ribbons that she carried,
and she also carried the little hat,
such a beautiful little hat the child had,
and the hair, the child's hair, was here,
at the waist, so beautiful.
And she spoke to me, but I... I wasn't able to,
I wasn't able to hear what she said,
so she made a sign to me.
Further ahead, there were a few workers working,
and she had to pass by where the workers were,
and the workers didn't see her, and
I was going up the little hill when I saw her,
she was coming with the child,
and that's the Virgin going over there,
and further down, another boy encountered her,
further down, she had already
passed by where the workers were,
and there was an old man, a grandfather, working,
he said: "I did see her...
she had already passed by when I was working
when I saw her, she walked towards the peak,
and I said good afternoon to her,
but I didn't know if she responded,
she made a little gesture with her hand",
and no one else saw her, not here in the
town of Jordan, and she was coming to the town.